== README

This rails app serves as a web front end for a ruby
conversion program. This app offers a form for Title, 
Author, PID, Recording Equipment, Description, and 
lastly, the file to be converted. 

This app accepts files in TXT and SRT format. It is 
meant to convert both .srt and Cielo24 (.txt) files to 
TEI format (.xml files). If the uploaded file is in 
Cielo24 format, the program first converts it to SRT 
format before converting the new .srt file to a .xml 
file in TEI format.


Pressing the Download Conversion button will convert 
the uploaded file and cause the browser to download 
the new TEI formatted .xml file. The app requires that
a title and file be specified, and that the file is of
.txt or .srt format, however it does not check for 
whether a .txt file is formatted correctly as a cielo24
transcript, and therefore will deliver erroneous results 
for an improperly formatted cielo24 .txt file. The app 
displays error messages if any of the requirements are 
violated. After pressing the convert button, it will be 
replaced with a Convert Another File button. Pressing 
this will reset the form and hide the error messages 
if there were any.

Every time a conversion is successfully completed, the 
data filled in by the user is stored in the database. 

Relevant App Files:
	app/models/conversion.rb
	app/views/conversions/new.html.erb
	app/views/shared/_error_messages.html.erb
	app/controllers/conversions_controller
	app/assets/stylesheets/custom.css.scss


Conversion Scripts:
	convert_srt_to_tei.rb
	preprocess_srt.rb
	process_dir.rb
	template.rb

Permanent Files Used in Conversion Process:
	defaultcielo.txt
	defaultsrt.srt
	defaultxml.xml

Deployment:
First, run 'bundle install'
After bundle install completes, run 'rake db:migrate'
